GutterBoyz & Son Tutor Center
This project is a mock tutoring center application utilizing JavaFX and JSON This project was created as a collaboration between Hunter Danielson, Carlos Reyes, Brian Withrow, Tomas Vergara, and Martin Marks. This project was started in September 2018 and finished Dec 3, 2018. We are all currently learning Object Oriented Programming and Software Engineering Fundamentals. The project was an assigned application for Soft. Eng. Fundamentals, and as a group we decided that we had best understanding of this application's requirements as practice. The project was worked on individually by the group members outside of the classroom exclusively and at times in group efforts. The project was also an experiment into learning more details about GUI, JSON, and project structure.
Installation:
THIS IS A JAVA 8 APPLICATION and the JAR file will only operate in a java 8 enviroment.If java 8 is not installed please reference the installation guide for intelij.

JAR: 
You can download our project from github with this link https://github.com/GutterboyzSon/TutoringCenter.
Next extract the project. 
Next navigate to the folder to find the project. 
Run the TutoringCenter.JAR file.
Intelij:
You can download the zip for our program on GitHub here, https://github.com/GutterboyzSon/TutoringCenter.
After extraction you can open the IntelliJ IDE, and use the “Open” option on the main screen. Navigate to the extraction folder with all the program folders in it,  and open it.
Go to File>Project Structure>Modules>Dependencies,
If there are any dependencies that are highlighted in red,  you can remove them with the subtraction button.
Add the dependencies by pressing the + button and add the JARs (controlsfx-8.40.14.jar, jfoenix-8.0.7.jar, json-simple-1.1.1.jar) from the Libraries folder. Then click “Apply”.
Go to the the Main class and right click the main file and then run the application. 
Getting Started
We have two default accounts (but you can always make your own.): 
A Student account’s username is Teststudent and password is Teststudent.
A Tutor  account’s username is TestTutor and password is TestTutor.
Built with:
Intellij
JSON library
JavaFX
JFoenix
Scenebuilder
Contributing:
Help us with our functionality!
We'd love to see better additions into our assignment format, and our calendar!
License:
MIT License
Acknowledgements:
Big thanks to:
Oracle/Ilearning
Chelsea Atkins, Fundamentals TA
Stackoverflow
JFoenix
Prof. Vanselow
Prof. Koufaku
Key Programming Concepts Utilized:
For the sake of our hierarchy, we used inheritance to help structure controller classes and their functions.


